Update rewrite rules docs (#4955)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 11/umbraco-cms/reference/routing/iisrewriterules.md

  <action type="Redirect" url="https://www.{HTTP_HOST}/{R:0}" />
</rule>
```

{% hint style="warning" %}

> Adding wwww redirect rule requires <add input="{HTTP_HOST}" pattern=".*azurewebsites.net*" negate="true" ignoreCase="true" /> condition to be added as well in order for Umbraco to function correctly.
> This step is required for the deployment service and the content transfer between environments to function properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the www redirect rule requires a `<add input="{HTTP_HOST}" pattern=".*azurewebsites.net*" negate="true" ignoreCase="true" />` condition to be added in order for Umbraco Cloud to function correctly.

This step is required for the deployment service and the content transfer between environments to continue to function.
```
